Yes. Good morning everyone. Welcome back
to the shed. I'm Lonnie.
>> Yes. Good morning.
>> Well, no. It's awesome. Right.
>> What? Tails.
>> Yeah. We had a we had a really good day.
So, we're going to celebrate those days
and next video we might be like W. But
today is good.
>> Yeah. Like um not just eBay, like the
other P platforms are doing great still
also. I I don't know what's going on,
but I'm loving it. I am loving it.
>> So, yeah, it's uh it's middle of the
week and we have a ton of orders to
pull. So, we're going to get going.
>> We're selling like it's 2016 in here,
man.
>> I know, right?
Okay. First thing is three Bravo. It's a
cookbook. Cooking on the horseshoe.
>> Okay. Yeah. We sold um we sold
everywhere, right?
>> Yeah. All four platforms again.
>> Now, this is what y'all are seeing. Um
what's the What's the spine look like?
>> Black,
>> huh?
>> Black.
>> It's black. This might be it here.
Yep. Cooking on the horseshoe. There we
go. Got it.
>> The second time we've sold that
particular book.
>> Yeah, we've had I remember this one.
>> $12.99.
>> F Rivier. Yeah.
>> F Rivier.
>> Yeah. So, uh I think you were talking
about how this is two days worth of
sales maybe.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Shoot. We got what 20 20 eBay orders.
>> Yeah. And then between the other
platforms
seven, I think.
>> That's a lot for us for the other
platforms.
>> Mhm. Yep.
>> And not not cheap stuff either.
>> No. Some really good sales. Yeah.
>> Okay. 14 Echo or Robin Hood costume.
>> Okay.
>> Who says you can't sell costumes year
round?
>> Well, you might have to sell them really
cheap.
>> Well, I do know uh there is a
Renaissance festival going on right now
in Tennessee,
so maybe they're going to that. Let me
see.
>> Renaissance festivals are fun, man.
>> Yeah,
>> they are. I like I want to go to the one
in uh Hammond again this year.
>> Okay. Yeah, maybe we'll go make sure to
try to go on a day when it's not so
busy.
>> Yeah, it's fun. I the only thing it's
like,
man, they I I I love just the general
vibe and atmosphere,
>> but the the hawking of merch is is a
little over the top, but it's still fun.
>> It's not bad. They're not like they're
not like out in the out there trying to
get you to come on in. No, but there's
like a 100 million ways to spend spend
money at these things. Like, but the
whole vibe and uh just atmosphere is is
>> it's fantastic. It's fun.
>> Yeah. Okay. And we have a magnet going
out.
>> Do we only have one going out?
>> No, we have more. We need to go grab
some. We have some ready to go.
>> I have some more made up. Who is this
for?
>> This is going out to Barbara.
>> Okay. Yeah, we got some more we need to
sign.
>> Yeah.
Um, in fact, let me go just go grab
those real quick. We need one.
One more.
>> Okay, we we'll grab them in a minute.
We'll grab one in a minute.
>> Okay, next thing is some K some serum, I
guess, for face in the guy drawer.
>> Guy
>> Jumiso. It's a white and lavender box.
>> Um,
>> that's it. Yeah.
>> $14.99.
>> Nia Cinnamide 20 serum.
>> Yeah.
>> What' we get for that?
>> $14.99.
>> Wow. That's not That sounds like a $100
name, product name.
>> I know.
>> We saw some cowboy boots. We have two
pair coming in and a pair going out.
Good. Two Delta.
>> Okay.
>> These are Acme brand.
Made in the USA. They're vintage.
>> Yeah, these are nice.
>> Yeah, they're in great condition,
>> aren't they?
>> Yep.
>> They're really
>> $44.99 for those.
>> Yeah, that's kind of the minimum you'll
get for for some decent cowboy boots, I
think. Yep. All right. Crricer stuff.
>> Uhoh.
All right. Cricketer.
>> This Barbie dress for $9.99.
>> Okay.
>> All right. The next order has two things
on it. Uh eight delta. Some Viking
forged flatear with the wood handles.
>> Okay. Eight Delta.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
Delta. Here we go. Yeah. These are
really nice.
Yeah,
they're really like if it would have
been more pieces, I might have been
tempted to keep that set.
>> Yeah, these
>> I do want to if I ever find a good full
set like that, I I probably will keep
them. My only thing is I don't know how
well the handles do in the dishwasher.
>> Probably not very
>> cuz that those are the wood would dry
out from the heat if they were wood. And
those are composite, I think. So, I
don't I just don't know how well.
>> They might be they might be good. Yeah.
>> Yeah. We Yeah. We don't we don't want
anything you can't put in through the
dishwasher. That's for sure. No, they do
a lot of dishes.
>> Um, on that order also in the tiger
drawer, the two uh man soap.
>> Man soap.
>> Yeah, man bars. San Francisco Soap
Company is who makes those.
>> That's some big chunky bars, too.
>> Big bars. Yeah, they'll last a long
time. $19.99 for those.
>> If they weren't worth I think I think
you bought them thinking we probably
were going to just keep them and I was
going to use them, but
>> Yeah.
>> But they ended up being worth money, so
>> Okay. Okay. So, the next order is
another magnet. We'll grab that and
after we pull orders. All right. We sold
quite I listed all that eye eyeliner,
the Urban Decay. We picked them up for a
buck each at the Highway 16.
>> Let me show you.
>> Well, that's just some of them,
>> right? Oh, well, that's our listings
from yesterday. We haven't added it up
yet, but man, we must have listed
we must we might we must have listed 70
things yesterday.
>> Yeah. So, I had quite a bit of that
eyeliner. I don't remember the exact
piece count. It was probably about 30 35
maybe or maybe more. And it totaled up
to $467 in listings.
>> Wow.
>> We paid a buck each for them.
>> Yeah, that's really good.
>> That was a good buy. Okay,
>> so we've we're already in the black just
from like two sales puts us into the
profit on the whole thing.
>> This first one I'm pulling, it's
discontinued. A few of them were like
soon as I listed it, it sold. Bam. I was
like, whoa. Okay, 10 Bravo. Okay.
>> You want you want just bring the whole
bucket over here? We'll just pull the
ones that are going out.
>> I'll pull them all right now
>> on the right. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> They're in alphabetical order for you.
>> All righty.
>> First one is Desperation.
>> Look at this. Boy, you did a really good
job with this. You had to though.
>> Yeah. I didn't want to get it mixed up.
$24.99.
>> Okay.
>> Mainline.
>> This. Okay. 14.99.
>> All righty.
>> Deep.
>> $14.99.
>> Cosmetics. Huh? Whoa.
>> Uzi.
>> How?
>> Uh, like with an O.
>> Uzi
eye. Uzi eye. Uzi.
>> Uzi. Like like the gun.
>> Yeah. $24.99 cuz it's a gunmetal gray
color.
>> Oh,
>> and loaded.
>> Oh, man. How good is this?
>> Yep. $14.99.
Wow.
>> Yep.
>> So, so we had 225s and 315s. Is that
what that is?
>> 225s and 315s. Yep.
>> So, 225s. That's almost $100.
>> Yep.
>> Just in little eye pencils or whatever.
>> While you're back there, grab us the
Inley cup.
>> Okay. See, I should be able to reach
him. We reloaded this guy.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, man. All right.
>> And we we just we stuck the other ones
underneath there. Are we still have it
at Rob's? Yeah, they're right there.
>> At this point, they've been selling so
well. Maybe we'll just keep them under
there.
>> I know. I hesitate to even want to move
them out of here.
>> $20.99.
>> Awesome.
>> The Trump Dambit doll sold in the cube.
>> Finally.
>> Yeah.
>> Get out of here, Trump.
Somebody's about to beat the you know
what out of you probably. Yeah. So, get
ready.
>> Yeah. There's a lot of people mad right
now. 1799
Alpha the sticker printer. Liam Le.
>> Yeah.
>> Fix cut.
That's from um That was from
>> a Tik Tok influencer.
>> Tik Tok influencer had a garage sale.
>> Yeah.
>> And she sold she got a she had a bunch
of free stuff that she got.
>> Yep.
>> And then she just flipped it at her
garage sale for a little money. This
part This was really good. The other
thing was pretty good.
>> Mhm.
>> That we already sold cuz we spent I
spent a hundred bucks with her.
>> Yeah.
>> For this and some other thing. What did
the other thing sell for? Like 20 bucks
or
>> I think so. 120 125.
>> Oh, that's right. Yeah. Yeah, cuz I paid
60 for that.
>> Do you overpaid for the wrong one
>> to sell for 125?
>> Yeah.
>> But I bought I bought this first,
>> right?
>> I think. Yeah, I bought this first and I
tal I got her down to 40 on this.
>> Yeah.
>> And then the other thing after we got
talking to her, I was like, "Oh man, I
need to I need to not go cut try and cut
her." so deep on the other thing after
we got talking to her because I was
like, man, this could be
>> a future contact.
>> Future contact. She keeps getting stuff.
So, the other thing I tried I tried to
say, you know, we're willing to pay a
little bit here, you know,
>> but this thing, man, we paid $40 for it
and we got what?
>> 190 $189.99.
>> That's awesome.
>> Yep.
>> We sold some Elks Lodge uh stuff.
>> Five Echo. I didn't even talk to you
about this cuz it's it's been I saw it
had been listed for like
500 and something days.
>> Yeah, we picked that up at an estate
sale on 75% off day. This one company
sometimes opens on Mondays help with
this. I'm not even sure.
>> Yeah. I don't even know how I have it on
the show.
>> I know. I'm just I've got a bad headache
this morning, y'all.
>> Yeah. Where's it supposed to be? Echo.
>> Five. Echo. Let me see.
>> Yeah, I think it's right down here
somewhere.
I've got a bad headache and bending down
like makes the blood rush to my head and
it's like throbbing.
>> It's probably this. This feels Yeah.
elk.
>> Elk. Yeah.
We I think we paid like $25 for that.
>> Yeah. Something like that.
>> So,
we still when we had to wait a year and
a half. Uh worth it.
>> Yeah. Right.
sold for 110. So, what it is, it's a fee
hat, a ceremonial collar with like a big
pendant and an apron. Um, I guess I
don't know how they wear the apron, but
yeah.
>> All righty. We sold a
>> chatbook.
>> Oh, yeah. A chatbook. Lonnie got all
those listed.
>> Um, so this is those Krippen and Landro
little trap chat chat books we picked up
when we five Bravo.
>> Okay.
>> When we bought all those mystery books
from that estate sale. Yeah,
>> we're looking for CB3.
>> Yeah, I put them I did organize them.
>> Oh, good.
>> By, you know, so yeah, I have like I
just put sticky notes on the on each
one.
>> Yeah. CB3, the surgeon of gastra fell.
>> I went, man, I really went back and
forth on whether I wanted to list these
individually or lot them up.
>> Yeah. and I finally landed on. Okay, I
can list them individually really like
pretty quick and easy.
>> Yeah, I think you did the right thing
because these things are so rare. They
were such a short run. Collectors are
going to want them.
>> Yeah, there's only like 300 of the
around 300 of each one of these things
printed. And
>> yeah, that was my my thought. I was
like, I don't think we're going to sell
all of them at $18. I don't because
look, I listed those each one of those
chatbooks.
>> Yeah.
This is it right here. 41 time 18. It
ended up being like $738
or something like that in listings.
>> And I I am I don't I'm not like
delusional. I don't think they're all
going to sell for that. But I do think
that pro at least Okay, let's go low on
it. Let's say 10 of them sell for that.
That'd be $180.
>> And then I think after about two years
is when we'd probably lot them up
>> and then lot them up. Yeah.
>> Right.
>> Yeah. And you're like, yeah, you can get
best of both worlds. And the amount of
work to list them,
>> as long as we can sell 10 of them, it'd
be worthwhile. You know what I mean?
>> Yeah, absolutely. Yep. Okay. We sold a
Ever After High headband on Pocket 60.
>> Okay.
>> This goes to just Sweet. Oh, no. Uh, it
goes to Blondie is her name.
>> Okay. We were probably lucky to sell
this thing.
>> $7.99. I've I've sold quite a few of
parts. All right. That is all the eBay
orders.
>> That's a lot.
>> Yeah,
>> especially it's a lot. All these eye
pencils don't take up much room. So,
okay, we're we are going to Speaking of
room, we are going to need a little
room.
>> I know.
>> So, let me uh we're going to rearrange
here.
>> Okay, we have three items going out on
Mari. First thing is 14 Echo. It's a
Herono baseball cap.
>> Okay.
I hope I brought the char to echo.
Um,
man, that's a weird spot for a baseball
cap, huh?
>> It's in a It's in a bag thing.
>> Is it that?
>> No. Let me see. Man, I listed this
sucker so long ago.
>> What is that?
>> I don't know.
>> What the heck?
>> It feels kind of puffy. Yeah, I don't
know. Something.
>> Okay. Oh, it's a horse horse thing or
something.
>> Anyway, let me Okay, let's find this uh
cit right here.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah, that's why it's in a location like
that.
>> Yep.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah. Uh $59.99 for that.
>> Man, that's expensive.
>> Yeah, that was like available in a
Beijing only or something like that.
Okay, we sold that uh Disney Precious
Moments Dalmatians thing uh music box 12
Charlie. Okay,
that's fun.
>> Yeah,
>> this thing um what did we pay? We
>> we paid 15, I think.
>> 15? Yeah. Yeah. Had to make kind of a
decision because that's paying up a bit.
But I was like, man, that's a $100
thing. If it works, and if it doesn't
work, it's probably still going to be
>> like 60 or something.
>> 4050 at least. That's what I was
thinking,
>> right?
>> So,
>> so we sold it for 100 cuz it does work.
because it works.
>> Y
>> and also on Mari we have um a some brush
on sunscreen in the razor drawer.
>> Okay,
>> it's right here. Man, I almost kept
this.
>> It must be in date, huh?
>> Yeah, it is. Expires in 2028.
>> Yep, there it is. Especially on uh
especially on sunscreen. Anything.
>> Sunscreen you have to I mean everything
that we do, make sure it's a date.
Sunscreen is imperative.
>> Crucial.
>> 14.99. Uh wait, hang on. Yeah.
Sorry, I have to go back and forth. $14
is what it sold for.
>> Okay.
>> Yep. Okay. On Poshmark, we have three
things going out.
>> Wow.
>> Those uh Noble trainer shoes. Eight.
Echo.
>> Trying to remember what we paid for
those.
>> $5.
>> Okay.
That's usually our max on most shoes.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Those are cool.
>> $43.
Look at that.
Look, even the the soles, they they got
a good deal, probably.
>> Oh, yeah. Okay. We sold two PopMart uh
figures or Popmark style figures.
>> I'm I'm happy to do that.
>> Yeah. One of them is Wakuku Angel. It is
on Seven Charlie. It's a She's wearing
pink, like all light pink.
>> Seven Charlie. Wuku.
>> Wuku Angel.
>> Wuku.
>> Yeah.
>> Charlie. Oh, these are small.
All right.
Oh, so we got some more over here, too.
Man, we got these things everywhere.
>> Not that one.
>> Huh?
>> Oh,
>> light pink.
>> Whoops. Okay, I see it. Oh my goodness.
>> Yeah,
>> Candace, there's too many of these
glasses over here. Here you go.
>> I know. We We need to do something about
that.
>> I know. We got to get We need to move
some of these glasses out of the way.
>> Yeah, I'll see if I can work on that.
Okay. $55 for that.
>> Okay.
>> And then they bought a Skull Panda Moldy
Muffin Nine Charlie.
>> It's part of the you found me series.
>> Some of these names, man. These
>> Skull Panda, you found me.
>> Nine Charlie moldy muffin.
>> Well, it's going to say you found me on
the box.
>> Good. I like this.
>> It's a blind box.
>> Make it easy.
>> Red.
>> It's a red blind box. Okay. It's funny.
I feel blind looking for these things.
What does this guy say?
It's not that.
Oh,
>> is this it?
>> I wonder if I put it. No, it's not here.
I must have put a wrong location. Okay,
let me find it.
>> You You didn't find me.
>> It might be over. It's hiding. That's
>> Is this it? No, this looks This is
probably it. Huh?
>> Let me see.
>> You found me.
>> Let's see.
>> Yep, that's it.
>> Do these things move and like you found
the you found me. Do they walk around
and hide at night?
>> Well, apparently cuz it's not where I
put it, right? $36 for that.
>> Okay.
>> And then on Etsy. That's all.
>> How many orders we got there?
>> One order.
>> Huh?
>> Just one. Okay.
>> Oh, we sold those blue glasses.
>> Oh, good thing because you know what? I
was just about to like have to come up
with it. No, I wasn't.
>> Oh, we sold two sets of four. I had them
listed in sets of four.
>> Wait, wait. Two sets of two, right? Or
is it four?
>> Four. So, they bought eight total. Yeah.
>> Oh my gosh. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Fun.
>> Good times.
>> That's a lot of fun.
>> Mhm.
>> I love these. I I wanted to keep them
almost, but I'm like, would we use them?
>> You better go.
>> I can get one more.
>> All right.
Oh my gosh. Candace,
this is going to be some packing.
>> You're going to pack it?
>> Yeah. Great.
I wouldn't care. I have a headache this
morning.
>> I know. Maybe by the time we get to
these. I hope so. You'll better
>> here. Grab these from me. I think I got
to get one more.
>> Let's see. One, two, three, four, five.
Yep. One more.
>> Okay.
>> All right. Wow, that cleared up some
shelf space.
>> Yep.
>> They are nice.
>> They are. They
>> They're heavy, too.
>> Wouldn't you just like to put a sundae
in there? Ice. I would love to.
>> Uh $49.99 I mean $49.99 each listing. So
$100
>> $100 order. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> All right. Well, uh yeah, that is
everything that's going out. We've got
some packing to do today. So, we are
going to get to it. Thanks a bunch to
everyone for watching and we will see
y'all again very soon. Bye y'all.
>> Bye.